my name is daniela von braun in
Germany I would like to give you a short introduction today
our latest achievement in the
Brown series introduce our moral
we have her on the ifa this year
presented and we have now with the
Orally she finally benefits
we know that they have to see
probably the similarity to the stretcher
the browning automatic mature and us
know yes there is a story of
about 50 60 years back brown
automatic rifle by john moses browning
and for one was the cold sky
on which a manufacturer produce
to the other of perfectly functioning
and secure locking systems with the 7
wart turn lock and ergonomics
the weapon when you look at fed
magazine remains in the unloaded state
the shutter opens another one
safety aspect
we can then either slowly
Weapon guide or we can make the choice
fast forward let the
lock
We have what they look like the hand
tensioner as a further safety aspect
just not right now
It is very important to them to think things through
three main features of the moral ans
to lay down or show off
For one thing, they've just noticed
to credit with a cri cri logic
system
We work here with a return spring
instead of the pressure system the bar
that means they only have one way
which is an enormous hunt
advantage is and again in addition to
the speediness again
foreground puts you back
and leave the lock or the
Chambers set off that is called the marat
closes automatically by this
return spring with the rotation was to
Closure of the hand tensioner completely
important aspect of safety see us
but he can click here as well
sitting quietly exciting then we have
worked with our in flex pet das
means larger calibers like ours
popular 93 30 06 et cetera takes it
an insane recoil or
or the rebound is
insanely diminished and it is thus
always a goal lures the shutter
remains in the system that is also in the
attack
nothing comes before the eye
Since I can 100 percent on the
focus and my goal
to introduce the moral weapons country tv
will accompany you